Tingting, why do you owe money again?
Didn't I just call you 3,000?
How is 3,000 enough?
I have to support myself and my son
Then I introduced you to a job last month
Forget about that job
Can you introduce me to the sales job?
Tired to death, not to mention earning less
Why don't you just introduce me to a rich man?
Haha, rich man, Aunt Lin, I'm hungry.
What's for dinner?
What to eat
Refrigerator leftovers
My mom earns money alone
But you have to raise four mouths to eat
You can't say that.
I grew up in an orphanage with your mother
You are the same 4 years old as the stone
What is this called?
This is called fate
Now it's your mother who takes care of me
Wait until Auntie becomes prosperous in the future
But I got your back.
Aunt Zhang Ting is so good at painting cakes
Why is the stone always hungry?
Say less
Hey
Is this what the man left that night?
Put it down
Looks like it's worth the money.
Bring it to me
This is the only thing his dad left him
People are precious
Mommy, the supermarket is on sale at 8 o'clock.
Oh go go go go grab eggs
I'll just wear it. What's the matter, cheapskate?
Oops, come on, don't knock
Who are you?
Was it you at the R & F Hotel on September 2nd 5 years ago?